MM: DM: i started working on this since yesterday because of power!

# daily - 11h

## meeting - 1h

## data transformation exercise - 2h
* read reviews
* property access ("dot") operator resolution - solved exercises using deconstructing assignment with renaming variables and shorthand property names.
* lookup table data structure - provide a definition and an example.

## quiz-app endpoint - 4h
* store `lodash-isEmpty` in a variable - import it on top of the file instead
* correctAnswer to be computed -  retrieve the value of the correct answer from the answersLookup object.
* answerChoices to be computed - create an array of all non-null values from the answersLookup object
* all correct answers are the first on the list - shuffle or randomize the elements in an array using a function
* return statement - uncomment the unnecessary properties.
* output SQL questions - replaced the actual path with the quiz3.js

## JavaScript functions - 1h
* date object - a function that converts date string in different formats.
* Fisher-Yates shuffle algorithm  - a function that randomize elements in an array.

## quiz-app category-selector - 3h
* category selectors - two category states.
* category component - create and import it
* lift the state up - passed the state as props to the category component.
* how to select a category - passed the function to the path of the file endpoint
* handle a selected category - created a handle function
* start displaying category before the start quiz button - set a condition for that
  