# daily - 9h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 3.5h
* i made a programming vocab entries for "client-side code VS server-side code", and for "NextJS" with examples in the project-info/teamdm/tech/programming/programming-vocabulary.md file
* i read reviews 
* i fixed the axios error: 'request failed with status code 500, by:
  * running the nextjs server in the terminal to see the console.log in the endpoint file(src/pages/api/weather.js)
  * i found that the query of city was undefined in the server-side code
  * i added console.logs to "city" in the client-side code (src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx)
  * i then use this Sider AI prompt: "why is city undefined in this code"
    * DM: Sider AI doesn't have the context or familiarity with you and the codeset like GitHub Copilot, so, going forward, you should use Copilot for this type of question. 
  * AI suggested to check if the "city" query parameter is provided in the API endpoint, i found that answer is not satisfying.
  * i used the if statement in fetchWeatherData to check if "not city" then run the rest of the code instead of equalizing city to an empty string in the client-side code(src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx)
* i tried to run the app on the browser, the error was gone

## portfolio - 2h
* i enhanced the overview styling by:
  * centering all the overview elements
  * reducing the font size of texts
  * adding "list-style:none" in tailwind(list:none) to remove the bullet points from the unordered list elements.
  * created a renderSocialLinks() where i returned all the social media links and used in the overview() function
* i enhanced the footer styling by:
  * changing the background color
  * enhancing hover styling on the anchor links.

DM: looking nice

## chrome devtools - console error - .5h
* after fixing the axios error, i found another error remained in the console: "next-dev.js:25 Warning: Invalid DOM property `class`. Did you mean `className`?"
  * i started by analyzing the error, then asked Sider prompt for explanation.
    * DM: this was a warning as I recall, but it is good to fix warnings so that your code doesn't look sloppy if prospective employers look at the console. Also, warnings will pollute you view of the console when you are debugging.
    * DM: even though you are in a browser, Sider AI doesn't have access to your specific source code, I don't think, based on the generic answers. But, good, now you know this warning is about how React JSX wants className, even though HTML is just "class". 
  * i got this answer: "To resolve this warning, you should search for the usage of the class property in your application code and replace it with the correct property name className."
  * i globally searched for "class=" then found in src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather-forecast-footer.jsx and in src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/index.jsx files, some class were used instead of className. i renamed class to className.

## chrome devtools - portfolio warning messages - 1.5h
* i wanted to understand and resolve each warning message individually on the chrome devtools console
  * the first was "how to fix this error: Error: Hydration failed because the initial UI does not match what was rendered on the server."
    * i searched an found that the reason is "because the initial UI does not match what was rendered on the server, typically occurs when the initial HTML rendered on the server does not match the HTML rendered on the client side after hydration".
    * i am working on it as i'll have to check one component after another for HTML elements structure.
    * DM: good, keep working on it. It is correct to ignore it for a while since you can just close the warning message and it mostly doesn't affect your debugging. 
  * the second was "next-dev.js:25 Warning: React does not recognize the `data-testId` prop on a DOM element. If you intentionally want it to appear in the DOM as a custom attribute, spell it as lowercase `data-testid` instead. If you accidentally passed it from a parent component, remove it from the DOM element." 
    * DM: todoMM:; if this is related to that howtojs about DOM properties camel case, put this below useful info there, not here.
    * i fixed this by globally searching `data-testId` and replaced it with `data-testid` in the src/features/portfolio/content/skills-section/resume-button.jsx file
    * i replaced also `objectFit` with `objectfit` in the src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx file
  * the third was "next-dev.js:25 Warning: Each child in a list should have a unique "key" prop. this error was referencing to ProjectCards, Languages, OtherSkills, and Frameworks components.
    * i added an "index" argument to projectCardsData and return key with the value of index in the src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx file DM: todoMM: it's a fix, but here's a React tip: hmm, just search Google on "ReactJS why not use index as key"
    * i added a key with a value of name in the return statement when mapping over frameworks, languages, and for other-skills in the src/features/portfolio/content/skills-section folder.
    * DM: these solutions are good, so put them in the howtojs entries you made!

## react warning messages - howtojs - .5h
* i added howtojs and warning messages to the project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-errors.md file for the followings.
  * "Error: Hydration failed because the initial UI does not match what was rendered on the server."
  * "Warning: React does not recognize the `xyz` prop on a DOM element"
  * "Warning: Each child in a list should have a unique "key" prop"

