# daily

## todoMMs - 2h
* changed the key value of element from "index" to "id" in the src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx file after reading https://legacy.reactjs.org/docs/lists-and-keys.html about not using index as key in React.
* read reviews
* added solutions found in src/features/portfolio/content/skills-section folder of the "each child in a list should have a unique key prop error" to project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-errors.md file
* replaced the uuid() key function with id prop in the src/features/portfolio/content/overview/index.jsx file
* fixed the warning: "<li> should not direct descendant of <li>" by replacing "li" element with "div" in the src/ui/empty-starter-component.jsx file.

## portfolio UI - .5h
* I enhanced the footer social links:
  * i added a div container with "flex-grow" and changed the ul className "md:justify-end" to "md:justify-center".
  * i changed the contentOverviewHeaderText in src/constants/portfolio/content/overview.jsx file with the text of "I am Moîse, a software developer" to remove redundant.

## weather forecast - .5h
* i set fahrenheit radio button to default by adding fahrenheit to the setDegree() value in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx file.
* i tried to add some conditions in fetchWeatherData() to send an alert when the name of a given doesn't exist. for example if someone types "mango" or "asia", it has to detect that these names are not for cities. i am still working on it.

