# daily

## todoMMs - 2h
* i renamed "OpenWeatherApi" to "WeatherForecastContents" in the src/features/weather-forecast/index.js file
* made a vocabulary entry in the programming-vocabulary.md file for "relative URL"
* made the weather API endpoint(http://localhost:3005/api/weather?city=London ) run on the browser
* read the reviews in the reports, debugging-checklists and daily-reports-template files
* i moved the Sider prompt "how to make an API route in NextJS:" to the src/pages/api/weather.js file

## weather api endpoint - 4h

* i changed "open-weather-map-api" directory to "weather-forecast-contents" following the naming convention instructions in the src/features/weather-forecast folder.
* i attempted to fix the "Unhandled Runtime Error : AxiosError: Request failed with status code 500"  with this Sider prompt: "how to fix: Unhandled Runtime Error : AxiosError: Request failed with status code 500", the response is in the src/pages/api/weather.js file.
  * i searched for probable restrictions suggested in the Sider AI prompt response of "Make sure there are no restrictions set in OpenWeatherMap API in terms of the number of requests per day or for specific IP addresses"
  * i read the page related to the use of the open-weather-map-api(https://openweathermap.org/api/one-call-3), and i am not sure if the free plan that has some restrictions that cause the "Unhandled Runtime Error : AxiosError: Request failed with status code 500" error 
  * blockers: the error persisted after trying all the approaches. all details are in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx file.
  * I paused there.
* After running the server, i notice that the celsius and fahrenheit degree values were over the expected.
* In order to fix the issue in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx:
  * i started consoling the fahrenheit values and check if the convertFahrenheitToCelsius() function was correct. 
  * i used another prompt: "the degree values are still the same as before after applying the changes in the code above."
  * i followed the provided responses and run it on the browser, but it crashed the app. i reverted the previous code.
* i paused at that stage.
