# total weekly - 39h

# daily - 8.5

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMS - 1h
* I added the steps i took to fix the fahrenheit and celsius degree values in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/debugging-weather-app.md file.
* i created two files use-debounce.js and use-throttle.js and added two hooks useDebounce and useThrottle respectively in the src/ui/hooks folder
* fixed merge conflicts

## weather forecast axios error - 1.5h
DM: I moved these lines to the code. This is an example of stuff that should be in comments above the affected code. It is difficult to go back and forth from there to the code file, and this info needs to be in the code file for your future reference. You can simply put here:
* see comments in API/weather.js

DM: todoMM: stop your client code from sending city=undefined to the API endpoint. You can do this by checking if the city is undefined before sending the fetch. If it is undefined, then don't send the fetch. DM: I don't see any changes to your client-side code, and I can see that it is still calling the API endpoint (your server-side code) with city as undefined. 

(done) DM: make a programming vocab entry for "client-side code VS server-side code" with examples, including an example of NextJS. DM: good. Keep in mind that if you see something in quotes, like "client-side code VS ..." this means that you should use exactly that text when you make a vocabulary entry.MM: I see, not to use them separately "client-side ..." and "server-side ..."? Correct, it's ok to have both, but I wanted to be clear that in programming, communication is more specific, and if you see something in quotes, it's a signal to use that exact text.(ok)

## portfolio styling - 3h
* i enhanced styling to the portfolio following components:
  * footer (src/features/portfolio/footer/index.jsx)
  * contents
    * overview (src/features/portfolio/content/overview/index.jsx)
    * skills section (src/features/portfolio/content/skills-section/index.jsx)
    * project section (src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx)
* i asked SiderAI prompt for better UI:
  * can you make this code better(provide the code)
  * can you refactor the card design to be equal for each(project-cards.jsx)
  * suggest a better UI for this code too(provide the code)
  * suggest a better UI for this footer code(footer/index.js)
  * change the background of the footer(footer/index.jsx)
  * fix also this code to match its parent(frameworks, languages, and other-skills index.js files)
  * delete the gap between the overview section and the header
* All the SiderAI prompt answers are in each respective files.

## portfolio contact-form send email - 2h
* i used this SiderAI prompt: "what api endpoint can you suggest me so that anyone visiting my portfolio can send me messages?"
* answer: "Creating your own server-side endpoint would be the ideal way for managing personal messages through your portfolio. It involves setting up a backend server that can receive and process POST requests sent by the contact form. Programming languages such as Node.js, Python (Flask, Django), PHP, and many others will let you achieve this. In this way, you can control and secure the mailing process."
* i copied the provided code and pasted to the api/contact.js file to compare with the existing one.
* i replaced my email, password found in the code found in the .env.local file with the default names 
* i encountered two errors when trying to send a message from the contact form:
  * Failed to load resource: the server responded with a status of 500 (Internal Server Error)
  * Uncaught (in promise) SyntaxError: Unexpected token '<', "<!DOCTYPE "... is not valid JSON

* i attempted to google the above error, i got a suggestion of changing the port. for that case i changed the port from 3001 to 3005, but the error persisted.
* i then paused by there.