MM: DM: I went to check if the bank card was already available, unfortunately i was told to come back next week!

# total weekly - 37h
# daily - 6.5

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - .5h
* i renamed WeatherForecastFooterFooter to WeatherForecastFooter to match the weather-forecast-footer file
* i replaced React.Fragment with an empty container tag in src/pages/string-converter/index.js file
* i read the reviews of the last commits.

## weather forecast - 2h
* i am thinking of adding an image background on the page once a city is typed on the input field, for that i need an api that provides images.
* i uncommented the open-weather-api fetch data in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js file to test a new weather api.
* i tested a free weather api called "weather-api" that provides access to free weather and geo data(real-time weather, day weather forecast, historical weather, marine weather and tide data, future weather - up to 300 days ahead, daily and hourly intervals 15 min intervalNew - enterprise only, astronomy time zone, sports location data, search or autocomplete API, weather alerts, air quality data, bulk request)
  * i could not use it in my app because it requires a key(aq) which is an identifier of a city you would like to get.
  * In order to request from that api in your API platform like Thunder client, you need to provide that "aqi" key
  * if you don't add the "aqi" key your request won't work or will throw an error. 
  * that api object has a property object called "location" which has a property called "name" that provides the name of your city.

* i reverted the previous code in the src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js file.

## weather-api-endpoint - 3h
* i read nextjs api routes
* i created a weather api endpoint file in src/pages/api/weather.js
* i wrote an T9 AI prompt: how to create an API route in NextJS that implements the functionality (fetching from openweathermap) found in fetchWeatherData():
* it provided five steps to create an API route:
  1. to create a new file "weather.js" in src/pages/api/ directory
  2. to add the provided code
  3. to replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with my actual OpenWeatherMap API key
  4. to replace the fetchWeatherData function in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js  with the provided code
  5. to import the fetchWeatherData function in the src/features/weather-forecast/axios/index.js and add it to the axios object
  6. Replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with your actual OpenWeatherMap API key
  7. test on the browser by making a request to http://localhost:3000/api/weather?city=London
Blockers: after following the above steps, i was still getting an error "site can't be reached"
* i tried with SiderAI for more clues, i still got the same result listed above.
  Blockers: after trying implementing the code provided by SiderAI and TabNineAI, i was getting NAN for celsius and fahrenheit's degrees. 
* i stopped there and reverted the previous code