# daily - 8h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs-reviews - 1h
* i went through the review list in weather.js and string-converter.js files and marked them with "ok"
* i added this text :"ensure you've asked AI to review all of the new code for "best practices" to commit-time-checklist.md file

## weather forecast - 3.5h
* i enhanced the app by centering all the contents into one container y using grid in the src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js
* added a header from src/features/weather-forecast/axios/index.js file
* created a footer component that i added to the app from src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather-forecast-footer.js file
*  i renamed the OpenWeatherMap to WeatherForecastWithAxios to match the naming convention in src/features/weather-forecast/index.js file
*  i used Sider AI prompt to help suggest some tailwind styling such as:
   1. "enhance this code with a good styling that center everything on the screen(src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js)"
   2. "how to center this app using tailwind css with a good UI(src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js)"
   3."how to center with grid in tailwind css"
   4. "a simple and better footer ui for this weather app"
   5. "suggest a good heading for my weather app"

* i fixed the main content of the app in order to reducing the gap between the element by the class name from grid to flex in the main container

DM: 
OK! Looks like we're ready to wrap it up. The steps to do that:
1) first, do you have any more functionality or final touches in mind?(MM: i am thinking of adding an image background on the page once a city is typed on the input field, for that i need an api that provides images)
2) move your fetch to the back end, i.e., to an endpoint in src/pages/api/weather.js
  * why? While your weather app is running, look at dev tools in the browser and you'll see that the appID key is visible in the network tab. This is a security risk. So, we need to move the fetch to the back end in order to keep the appID a secret. Also, this will make the app truly "full stack" because you have a back-end endpoint.
  * how? Create a new file src/pages/api/weather.js and move the fetch from openweathermap to there. Then, in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js, change the fetch URL to '/api/weather?city=London'.
  * preparation
    * read NextJS documentation about "API routes"
    * ask AI how to create an API route in NextJS that implements the functionality (fetching from openweathermap) found in fetchWeatherData()
3) I'll do a final code review
4) Link your weather app to the main page of your portfolio site?

DM:
Sounds like it's time to start thinking about your next app.
BTW, another reason to move the fetch to the back end is that you can then use the same fetch in your next app. Another reason: your API endpoint can manipulate the data before sending it to the front end. For example, you can filter out some of the data, or add some data, or change the format of the data. This is a very common use case for API endpoints. Your back-end code could also fetch data from 2+ different sources and combine them into one response. This is also a common use case for API endpoints. 

DM: Bump: do you want to do this?
Regarding moisemulungu.com: not sure how the credit-card, bank account is going, but per this page
https://www.namecheap.com/support/knowledgebase/article.aspx/1187/46/how-can-i-move-a-domain-from-one-namecheap-account-to-another/
I can buy your domain, then transfer it to your namecheap.com account. Sound good?

## react hooks - 2.5h
* i first created a new folder "use-state" in "react-hooks" directory. i added a new file "use-state.md" to it.
* i used Sider AI prompt to help with details and explanation such as:
  * "explain react state hook in depth", 
  * "what are values to pass to the initial state of react state hook?" 
  * "What is the use event hook in React?"(but for this prompt i got the message of "you have used all the free credit provided by us. please subscribe to premium to help us improve")

* i added all the contents to the project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/use-state/use-state.md file.
* i added howtojs for all of the react hooks useState steps with description in the project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/use-state/use-state.md file.