# daily - 9.5h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 3h
* i read yesterday's reviews
* i added an example on how to fix "Too many re-renders. React limits the number of renders to prevent an infinite loop." error in project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-errors.md file
* made a global search for SkillData and changed it to EmptyStarterComponent in all files(frameworks, languages, otherSkills) that SkillData was used
* i read the "Index as a key is an anti-pattern" article to correct key with value of index in the src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx file.
* the article suggested to use "ShortId" npm package to generate unique id for each element, but the package is deprecated, i then used a string interpolation to `card-${id}` to get a unique id. i could also `uuid()` package. DM: id is already unique, the problem is it uses an index number, which can change unpredictably. Read the article again noting specifically why the index is risky to use.

## quiz-app-with-timer - 5.5h
* i started watching the two video parts for understanding the build process: 
* i created a quiz-app-with-timer folder inside the src/features folder
* i created a steps-to-take file where i described the steps to build the app.
* i downloaded the code files from https://www.codingnepalweb.com/quiz-app-with-timer-javascript/
  * i unzip, run it on the browser, and tested the app by answering to the questions. 
* i created a quiz route in the src/pages/quiz/index.jsx file
* i created a quiz folder in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/index.js file where i rendered a simple button and the html code from the tutorial
  * created a button component for testing
  * i read Next.JS styling especially CSS Modules that i'll use for this app.
  * i created a button css file that i imported in button component
  * i created a quiz game link in the src/pages/index.jsx file
* i added the js, html, and css files from the tutorial to the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer folder.
* i finally run the code on the browser for testing.
* i created an account and read about the QuizApi from : https://quizapi.io/clientarea

