
(done)DM: todoMM: be sure to read the debugging-checklist.md and commit-time-checklist.md to keep them fresh in your mind.

(done)DM: todoMM: add "howtojs:regexp:: [describe the RegExp solution]" for all regexp examples you've worked on recently. Make sure they are searchable. Hot Tip: to get the best vocabulary for your howtos, ask AI to add comments describing what the code does (but check AI answers to be sure they are accurate)

(done)DM: todoMM: solve the issue with copyToClipboard. This is a really simple bug. 

MM: DM: i went downtown for my voter's card, but i could not get it today. i'll go again next week.
# daily -7.5
MM: DM: I did not commits for each task, i am sorry as i was deeply focused on making things work. By tomorrow i'll make sure to follow the rules. DM: ok, if you also write these task descriptions as-you-go, instead at end of day, it is better, also.

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 5.5h
### debugging-and-commit-time-checklist - .5h
* i refresh my mind on reading contents in both debugging-checklist.md and commit-time-checklist.md files

### string-converter - 4h
* i attempted to fix the text parameter of the copyToClipboard function in the src/features/string-converter/index.js file, but i could not as my console log was not showing anything on the browser console. i tried to search on TabNineAI, but all the codes were almost similar.
* i converted the two pascal-to-camel-case and came-to-pascal-case functions to lodash details in the src/features/string-converter/index.js file
* i tried a new approach from an npm source that allows to import the copy-to-clipboard as a component into your file.(link in the src/features/string-converter/index.js file )
  1. i installed a copy-to-clipboard library as component
  2. i imported it as named function into the src/features/string-converter/index.js file
  3. i declared a new copiedText state variable and used it i the copy-to-clipboard component where i nested the button inside it.
* i added an example file in the project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/copy-to-clip-board.js file that i got  
### regex - howtojs - 1h
* i added howtojs-code to the project-info/teamdm/tech/regex folder for:
  * letter and digit-ranges, non-alpha-characters, alphanumeric characters, special characters, digit and letter characters, and for repeating characters.

## Weather forecast - 1h
* i wanted first to compile the app, then i declared a variable that i used to display data in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js file,
* blockers: i could not get the value of the weather.main.temp and weather.main.feels_like after even though i console.logged()

