# daily

## todoMMs - 3h
* i reverted the name of SkillData function in frameworks, languages, and other-skills files and renamed the file empty-starter-component.jsx to skill-data.jsx
* i read reviews and answered to them
* i removed the throw error of the catch() method by setting the weather state to an empty object, display a message to the user that the city was not found in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx file
* removed import React in NextJS in src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/start-quiz-button.js file
* i read the article " in-depth explanation on the negative impacts of using an index as a key."
* i set `card.title` as unique key instead of the `index` in src/features/portfolio/content/project-section/project-cards.jsx file
* i enhanced the code example of useEffect() hook in project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-errors.md file to avoid infinite loop.

## quiz-app-with-timer (start-quiz button) - 4h
* i started adding the background of blue to the main page of the application in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/index.js file
* to the "start quiz" button, i:
  * added styling
  * declared a showRules state to display the rules of the quiz
  * i created two functions; handleStartQuizClick that will open the rules of the quiz and handleExitShowRulesClick to exit the rules of the quiz. 
* i created RulesOfQuiz component with all the rules, inside it i:
  * declared a showQuestion state to display the question box
  * i created two functions handleContinueClick that will help to continue to the question box and  handleExitClick where i used the "close" prop to close the rules of quiz.
  * i passed "close" as prop to the handleExitClick() that inherits showRules from the "start quiz" button 
* i created a quiz-setter-functions.js file where i kept all the possibles states suggested by copilot.
* i finally tested the app on the browser.

## quiz-app-with-timer api endpoint - 2.5h
* i logged in to the quizApi :
  * i generated an authentication key in the left side bar, in the "Documentation" tab
  * i generated a free quiz api endpoint on the API tab on the navbar
  * i tested to run the api endpoint on VSCode Thunder Client API platform(it responded successfully)
  * the quiz api has only some specific categories like SQL, Linux, DevOps, but not html, or javascript and css(it's being built)
* i created a quiz file in the src/pages/api where i added the api endpoint code.
* blockers: i tried to test the endpoint on browser http://localhost:3005/api/quiz, but i got a{"error":"Unable to fetch quiz data","message":"Request failed with status code 401"}:
  * i use this copilot prompt: after running http://localhost:3000/api/quiz. i am getting an "unable to fetch weather data" error
  * answer was to check if one the following are well fixed: the api authentication, the parameter of the endpoint, the axios library version, and to test on an API test platform
  * i went through all these steps above for verification, but the error still persists.
  * i added console.logs to get different data.
* i created a fetch() function in the client-side code where i set the category parameter. but the error still persists.
* i paused there.