# daily - 7h

## meeting - 1h

## real-time-chat message-date - 4.25h
* reviews - read and responded
* documentations - used these links : https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Date and https://javascript.info/date
* file-structure - created a new file with howtojs steps
* step-processes - listed them in the src/features/real-time-chat/chat-box.jsx file
* blocker: none
* status: the date in today, yesterday plus the time format is successfully implemented.
* next: wait for DM's reviews and suggestions.
  * DM: couldnt use the app, see mention below, but the approach I saw looked good. We'll revisit this after you get the users-context-provider-2 code working

## real-time-chat user-sign-out - .75h
* user-only-signout - added a condition user.uid === currentUser.uid to display user that matches the current user's uid in the src/features/real-time-chat/real-time-chat.jsx file
* blocker: none
* status: the one connected user can signout to his account 
* next: wait for DM's suggestions
  * Code to check is user.uid === currentUser.uid seems correct, but I couldnt use the app because users was undefined and threw errors - see my note in the code. Dont work on real-time-chat any more until you get the users-context-provider-2 code working

## users-context-provider - .5h
* todoMMs - updated the block syntax, renamed the variables inside function and uncommented them
* users-context-provider-2 - i will work on it tomorrow as i was running out of the time
  * DM: todoMM: finish on this before you do any more work on the chat app. After you can get all users info in one place, you'll be able to solve most of the blocked issues youve been having and reduce overall complexity.

## coding-challenge - .5h
* break-down - added variable, array methods, and console.logs
* blocker: none
* status: the tests are not passing yet.
* next: i'll continue with it tomorrow
* DM: good. work on challenges .5h each day. after you finish repeat-adjacent, finish the other two challenges in currently-working before adding new challenges