# daily - 7.25h

## meeting -1h

## js-date-object - .75h
* file-structure - created two files for parsing and formatting the date, and added contents
* new-vocab - added new vocab and howto to the code.

DM: todoMM: ok, I'll review your parseDate and FormatDateString code after you have actually run/tested that code. I can tell you havent run it because the files are not formatted by prettier, and because there are not `// node path/to/my/script.js` comments in the files

## users-context-provider-2 - 5.5h
* task-instructions - read and tried to understand what to do first
* step-process - listed them in the src/features/real-time-chat/users-context-provider-2/index.js file
* block: none
* status: the users info are all displaying in the http://localhost:3005/real-time-chat-page/test-users-2 page as expected
* none: wait for DM reviews and suggestions

DM: todoMM: once you have the real-time-chat app working again, you can run some tests that I listed in *provider-2. One important test, emulate 2 users using the app at the same time, ie log in a different users, doing stuff, and see if changes he are seen in /real-time-chat-page/test-users-2. You can do the tests (in users-context-provider-2/index.js) yourself tomorrow yourself by logging in as different users and do stuff, because what you see in /real-time-chat-page/test-users-2 will be for all users, not just the one who is logged in. 

DM: to keep in mind the big picture, this is what I am aiming for with users-context-provider-2. Updated (real-time) info for all users should be available in the provider. Then you can implement that provider in the app, so that any component can use the provider data to show user info. It is the right way to do an app and youll see it will make code simpler overall and less bug-prone.  

DM: think about how to best know if a user is "active". My advice:
2 solutions: 1) use onUpdate triggers to last_modified_date field to currentDateTime in both the users and messages tables, then your client queries/listeners can monitor that field in both tables to determine if a user is active. 2) have a  last_active_date field in the users table, and onUpdate trigger for users table, onInsert trigger for messages tables - these triggers will update last_active_date field in users table/collection. then your client queries/listeners can monitor the users.last_active_date field to know if the user has been active in the last X hours. This works better than using a boolean flag because the boolean has to be (actively) set back to false at just the right time, which is hard, but with a last active date, client code just needs to (passively) check how recent that date is to determine if user is "active" or not.

