DM: finish up the string converter, then work on the weather app.(No problem! i mixed both because you said to work on two projects at the same time!) DM: yep, that's fine, but same day, not the same time :)

Weather App:

Stop working on the countries for now, save that code for later. In general, you want to do the weather API call first before you worry about getting countries data. That way you'll know what country info you need to send for the API call.(ok)

Start out with this, or you're going to waste a lot of time, time you don't have:
* your file src/features/weather-forecast/index.js corresponds to App.js in the rapidapi repo: https://github.com/jdretz/rapid-api-react-weather-app-tutorial/blob/master/src/App.js 
* Work in the code from App.js into src/features/weather-forecast/index.js. 
* Then, see what additional files App.js imports and copy those files into your src/features/weather-app/ until you have the entire app working.


Once you have this basic setup, then you can change it to follow your design.

Also, work on your design more. ex: what is in the select box?

MM: DM: I started my day going downtown to the WU then i went to the children's school where the meeting took 4h with a lot of ceremonies. i returned home a bit tired that i couldn't focus much on my tasks. DM: yeah, I also usually can't work after those kinds of big social events.

# daily - 3h
# PTO 5hr

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 2h
* i added text parameter to copyToClipBoard function
* i read about string converter and the two project plans(string converter and weather app)
* 

