# hours: 6 DM: start putting daily total hours at the beginning of each file

# meet with Duncan 1hr

- ttd
  - review render-vs-update
  - see if our auto-format of MD files is now the same
    ```
    # may be needed:
    "[markdown]": {
    	"editor.defaultFormatter": "yzhang.markdown-all-in-one"
    },
    ```
-

# daily

## bank account 2hrs (DM: going forward, let's put the hours in the heading lines where it is easier to see)

- went to get the bank account details related to my account

## todoMMs

### react testing 2hrs

- start to create a unit test for the smallest component instead of the parent component
- blockers: test still does not pass after many attempts

(i interrupted this process till you reverted everything) give me some more info here, or write something like: "see my debugging into in the abc.js file". The above is not enough info to understand what you were doing and what is the current problem. See the new info I added to debugging-checklist.js. If you do that, I can help you AND understand how you are spending your time. I'm not doubting you spent the time, but I need to have more visibility to what happened so that I can help and understand bigger-picture what areas you need more work/mentoring in. (ok)put some (ok) or (done) in these daily report files so that I can close them out. When you look at Git diff each day, it is the right time to ensure you have responded to each of my instructions.

### react custom hook .5hr

- reorganize example component in the repo
- I did not add more information on each hook(i will do it tomorrow)

### other tasks .5hr

- adding mention to the reading tasks
  DM: could you clarify what this means??

your hours add up to 6. Thinking of a 8-hour working day, 5 days a week, 40 hours a week, please do ensure that your hours add up to 8 each day and/or 40/week. These daily/weekly hours are common in all jobs, at least in the US.
