# 1. daily - 5.5h plus 1h break

ok, include hourly 10-minute breaks in the time you report. If you report 1 hour, that includes the 10 minute break. In US lunch break is not paid, so you don't have to include it here. You should have a total of 8 hours per day, or if you work varying hours per day, 40 hours per week.

## 1.1. react custom hooks - .5

- move the save button and status bar file to the src directory and make in compile

## 1.2. react testing - 3h

MM: DM: i think after moving to the next day, do i need to work on the past day activities while i would have to add details on the current day instead? because when i put (ok) it means i will move to the next day! DM: "(ok)" is just to acknowledge you read something, so that I can remove it or make it a permanent comment. Putting (ok) also ensures I'll see it in the git diff. I was just trying to clean up all the lingering "DM:" comments. But, as I said in the other file, going forward, I'll start using "DM: todoMM:".

one important thing. Never commit if 'npm run dev' is not working. Never commit a broken app. You'd have to disable the changes that caused the app to fail, then commit.

- I started fixing bugs in the file:

  - the first error was: `Support for the experimental syntax 'jsx' isn't currently enabled`

## DM section -----------------

- I would not expect to see this error, as a proper nextjs jest setup would of course handle JSX syntax (nextjs is a React platform).
- This kind of serious, global error indicates that problem is likely something that you just recently coded (i.e., the jest test code). Best to ensure that jest code exactly correct before changing a basic config like .babelrc. Note: nextjs handles stuff like .babelrc for you, so you should not need to adjust it.
  - keep in mind, your below fixes were likely caused by this this first fix. That is why you should be cautious about making global config changes like babel.
- Steps to move forward with Jest testing
  - revert back to a working app by reverting the babel-related fixes you have made
    - (I already did) rename .babelrc to .babelrcPrev
      - note: I renamed it instead of deleting, because it is best to not completely delete approaches that you attempt because you may need that code/config again, just comment out or disable it in some way.
    - you should do this: `npm uninstall @babel/preset-env @babel/preset-react`
    - (I already did) I renamed the 'test' script on package.json
    - (I already did) I changed all the imports ../../../path/to/file back to "@" imports. I guess you did that because of the recent fixes affected nextjs somehow
- make sure you have the exact jest setup correct.
  - do only the most basic jest setup suggested and get 1 simple basic test running
  - https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-jest
    - use this example repo so check your jest config/setup and make sure it is correct.
    - only change things in myPortfolio repo that are specific to jest.
  - note: I noticed that you didn't have a jest.config.js file (which references jest-setup.js)
- once you have basic jest running, then add some new tests

big-picture lesson: be careful that your bug fixes don't introduce other bugs. Avoid bug fixes that affect global config. If you see a major, red-flag error message such as "JSX not working" don't necessarily try to fix that bug, but rather you should assume that something you did recently is causing that error. Often the error messages will not tell you exactly what the problem is. You have to interpret them. In this case, JSX being a core part of ReactJS, you can assume that JSX is not broken, but rather something else in your jest config or test file is causing that error. Perhaps, in this case, it was the missing jest.config.js file? (ok)

## /end DM section -----------------

- created a ``.babelrc` file in the root directory then added :

      ```js
      {
      "presets": ["@babel/preset-env", "@babel/preset-react"]
      }

  src = https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63005011/support-for-the-experimental-syntax-jsx-isnt-currently-enabled

- the second error was : can't find module @babel/preset-en and @babel/preset-react
- i solved by running `npm install @babel/preset-env @babel/preset-react`
  src = https://stackoverflow.com/questions/61888940/module-build-failed-cannot-find-module-babel-preset-env

- the third error was: ReferenceError: React/ document is not defined
- i solved by replacing to the `script` in the `packages.json` file `"test": "jest"` with `"test": "jest --env=jsdom"`
  src = https://codeexposed.com/reference-error-document-is-not-defined-in-jest/

* I added two more tests in the

## 1.3. portfolio content section - 1h

- after installing @babel/preset-env and @babel/preset-react, i was getting the error of: `couldn't find the path to the import components` with `@`, i was obliged to change all the import with `@` to using the related path import.
- I made it compile

## 1.4. portfolio server running - 1h

- after a pause i notice an internal server error(trying to fix it)
- it's like there is a conflict between babel and nextjs. - see above comments about disabling the babel config. MM: DM: is it a configuration setup or something else because i am noticing DM being removed but the content of the question remains. DM: yeah, that is me cleaning up. I won't do it going forward, since I'll be adding todoMM going forward, and I'll erase that when the task is done, so that you can search the repo for "todoMM" and only see pending todoMMs. Hope that makes sense - if not, just wait and see because I'll start doing it like I did in the past. 
