# daily - 9.5h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 3h
* i read reviews
* i added details to the "short-circuiting" in js-vocabulary.md file with examples.
* i also added "conditional rendering" and "methods for conditional rendering in react" vocab to react-vocabulary.md file with illustrative examples.
* i added howtojs to the methods for conditional rendering in react in the react-vocabulary.md file

## quiz-app-with-timer - 5.5h

* i renamed handleOptionChange, handleNextQuestion, and handlePreviousQuestion to handleAnswerSelection, handleGotoNextQuestion, and handleGotoPreviousQuestion respectively for good naming convention in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx file.
* i also renamed "option" to "answerChoice" from answerChoices.map() in the return statement of the QuestionBox() component.
* i fixed the timer to stop once a correct answer is selected by adding `selectedAnswer` state to the condition in the setTimer callback. If an answer is selected, the timer will stop. I've also added `selectedAnswer` to the dependency array of the `useEffect hook` to ensure that the effect runs again when the selected answer changes.
* i added five more questions in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/data.js file
* i created a quiz-score.jsx file with its component in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer folder.
* i created a `handleExitGame()` that is used in the `QuizScore() component` that sets `setShowRules`, and `setShowQuestion` to `false`. it helps to return to the beginning of the application where there is a start-quiz button. it's in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/index.jsx file, and i passed it as prop to the QuestionBox() in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx file.
* i added two states(`score`, and `showScorePopup`) to the QuestionBox() component to help get the score and show its popup.
* in aim to count the correct answers of the quiz, i added the setter function of `score` inside the  `handleAnswerSelection()` function
* i also created a `handleRestartQuiz()` function in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx file that allows to restart quiz from the beginning and i used it on the onClick event in the QuizScore() component as props
* i passed `totalQuestions` as props in the QuizScore() component and returned in the QuestionBox where  QuizScore() is called with `totalQuestions = {data.length}` to get the ration of the score like `{score}/{totalQuestions}`.
* in QuizScore i passed `score`, `totalQuestions`, `handleRestartQuiz`, `handleExitGame` as props.