# daily - 8h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - .5h

* i read the latest reviews.
* modified comments of the short-circuiting logical operator in the project-info/teamdm/tech/javascript/vocabulary/js-vocabulary.md file.

## quiz-app-with-timer - 5h

DM: hey, going forward I'd like to see this section look like the below bullet points. I used your today work as an example, providing short descriptions (short, because I can read the code to see HOW you did it, and because you can add comments in the code to explain anything that is not obvious by reading the code). Follows is how I'd like you to write these daily report bullet points:
* previous button doesn't work when - don't show previous button during first question
* ? DM: I might guess, but I'm not sure what your intent was for your 2nd original bullet point
* correct answer shown twice when user answers correctly - show correct answer only when answer is incorrect
* long question goes out of white container when browser window width is small - add responsive CSS; scroll if question is longer
* timer text shifting around when timer number changes - fixed
* ? DM: I might guess, but I'm not sure what your intent was for your 2nd original bullet point
* comments cleanup in 4 files
* renamed file from .js to .jsx

DM: the format I used for each bullet point is, if a BUG or UI:
* issue statement - solution description
DM: the issue statement you can grab from what I write in the todoMM (and edit for clarity if needed)
DM: other work just give a short description  DM: todoDM: add these instructions the project-info/teamdm area somewhere.
* short description of work
DM: your daily reports have been great, it was good practice, and now with these above instructions you can practice summarizing your work in a more concise way, by keeping in mind what I can know by looking at the code diffs. 

DM: your original bullet points:
* i fixed to not show the previous-button if the "currentIndex > 1" by rendering the previous button with a conditional operator in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx.
* i fixed the timer to reset from the next question by adding another ueEffect that sets a timer (setTimer) with a default value (defaultSecondsToAnswerQuestion) whenever the currentQuestionIndex changes in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx file.
  *(done, MM: i rephrased it) DM: todoMM: what problem does this address? I can't tell by reading your description of what you did.
* in order to fix the correct answer to only display when the answer is not correct, i set a condition for that.
* i made the question-box responsive and scroll if the question is longer by adding the following properties `w-11/12 h-11/12 sm:w-3/4 sm:h-3/4 md:w-1/2 md:h-1/2 lg:w-2/3 lg:h-2/3 xl:w-1/2 xl:h-1/2 overflow-auto` to the amin div container.
* i also added a tailwind "fix" property to the timer div class for it to have a "fix" position, and a condition to check when the timer seconds to have a green, orange, and red respectively when it greater than 10, greater than 5.
  *(done) DM: todoMM: the timer text and number still shifts around when the timer number changes. See how you can fix that. Possibly by putting the timer text and number in different SPANs or DIVs. That way you can style the width of each separately: EX:
	  * <div><span> Time remaining: </span><span>{timer}</span><span> seconds</span></div>
  	  * maybe using flex for the div 
  	  * I'm not sure exactly what CSS will stop the text from shifting around, so you'll have to experiment and/or ask ai or maybe the TW 'fix' thing you mentioned
  * DM: !! love the color change when the timer countdown gets lower!
* i fixed to show the QuizScore and hide the QuestionBox by rendering it on top with a logical operator and returned it at the end with a new style in the src/features/quiz-app-with-timer/question-box.jsx file.
  * DM: not sure what you fixed, and the comment removal made it impossible to see diffs
	* DM: I like the way the score looks now, though.
* i remove all unnecessary comments from the question-box.jsx, quiz-score.jsx, rules-of-the-quiz.js, and start-quiz-button.jsx files.
* changed the quiz-score.js file name extension to quiz-score.jsx.

## quiz-api - 1.5h

* i created a quiz2.js file in the src/api folder and copied from quiz.js file
* i tested the "http://localhost:3005/api/quiz2?category=sql&otherParam=otherValue" path and it responded successfully
* added console.logs to the file for the "category", "apiUrl", "response", and "data". it displays the apiUrl that displays the link provided in the file, and data displays the the all object from the api endpoint . but i could not see the category, and the response.
* i paused there, so that i will continue tomorrow.
* 
DM: I'm getting:
{"error":"Unable to fetch quiz data","message":"getaddrinfo EAI_AGAIN quizapi.io"}
is there a new API key? Send it by email; email is secure because we never put secrets into any repo file that is not in .gitignore.

DM: todoMM: do an "old comments cleanup" in the index.jsx file. Do it in a separate commit, the first commit of the day, before you start working on other tasks. This way I can see the actual diffs of the work you did. I can't see the diffs of the work you did today because removing the comments caused big changes in the file, which often makes it impossible for Git to show diffs. DM: todoDM: add to the project-info/teamdm area somewhere.



