DM: redo the addition for this number. it looks less than the hours below. MM: here is the calculation(meeting 1.85h + report-files .5h + js-promises - .25h + nextjs-custom-error - .25h + firebase - .25 + sql-query-schema - 1.5h + expense-tracker firebase-config - .25h + expense-tracker custom-hooks - .25h + routine-checklist - 1h + expense-tracker - 2.25h + expense-tracker user-profile - .75h). I miscalculated, the total is 9.1h more than what i did yesterday. you can check again for clarity.

# daily- 5.75h - 9.1h

## meeting - 1h

## report-files - .5h
* reviews - read and responded 

## js-promises - .25h
* ambiguous-console.log - fixed details

## nextjs-custom-error - .25h
* custom-error - provided the path to the page
* comments - responded

## firebase - .25h
* firebase-modules - answered to the missing question
* howto - moved to the specific code

## sql-query-schema - 1.5h
* comment-questions - responded to the comments
* add-trigger - updated the modified_date
* generic-schema-and-sql - provided a specific code
* join-query - wrote a query that joins user to messages
* naming-conventions - renamed the directory name

(in progress)DM: todoMM: I cannot see the diffs in basic-schema.sql which makes it hard to review. However, I can see the diffs in query.sql. Why the difference? always move files, don't copy code to a new file then delete the old file. MM: I didn't copy/paste but i just renamed the dir name as you suggested. DM: ok, keep an eye on that issue - it may be that if you have edited a file before you rename the containing dir, it shows as deleted ...

## expense-tracker firebase-config - .25h
* secret-keys - separated publics from secrets

## expense-tracker custom-hooks - .25h
* new-custom-hooks - created files for each

DM: use the same name as the commit name. the commit name is "checklist" not "routine checklist"
DM I'm changing this to 1 hour. Based on the work in the commit, there is no way this looks like 2.5 hours of work. Let me know if you think otherwise by adding details of the work below. As I keep saying, appearances matter, and this work done in the commit and explained here doesn't look like 2.5 hours. MM: i think you are right, i included the break time, but as you said it's not included in the US working hours.
## routine-checklist - 1h
* link-resources - read an article 
* checklist-contents - added details to the file.
* this task includes the time break
  * (done)DM: todoMM: how much time?
    * MM: 1 hour
    * DM: if it's an hourly 10-min break, don't need to mention it. If it is a lunch break, that is not part of your working hours (in US), so don't report it.

## expense-tracker - 2.25h
* bug-fix - display amount and type
* process : listed the solution in the src/pages/expense-tracker/index.jsx file in the expense-tracker repo
* video-sources - watched again back
* blocker - none
* status: the data is being retrieved from the firestore
* next - finish the video and complete the project.

## expense-tracker user-profile - .75h
* user - added a name and a profile image
* signout - added a signout button and handle function
* blocker: none
* status - the signout is not working due to a bad variable import
* next - i'll fix that tomorrow 

DM: organization here is good, but one adjustment: header for expense-tracker commits should be going forward:
## expense-tracker name-of-commit

* DM: followup continuing to address the items in this list. you see that all the bullet points are under "DM: todoMM: tomorrow" so this means that all the bullet points are tasks or instructions going forward.(ok)
(in progress)DM: todoMM: tomorrow 
* (done) finish expense tracker
* (in progress) make a list of suggestions for how you would improve real-time chat app based on what you learned in the expense-tracker app.
  * Dont do it yet, but just write it out and we'll discuss tomorrow. 
  * research any tutorials that are more like your real-time-chat app in that they use firebase/realtime, react. it doesnt have to be a chat app
  * MM: i got this firebase realtime video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP7quzFmWBY
* look at these: (in whatever time is left after doing the above)
  * my mentor said need to understand Firestore "subcollections"
  * https://firebase.google.com/docs/firestore/manage-data/structure-data look at it briefly to see if helpful
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm-bggVJb5k - if it looks OK, do it
    * MM: This one looks good
    * includes a github repo : https://github.com/moise-mulungu/operating-system.git
  * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DV1sUeszRuA - if it looks OK, do it
    * he provides only 2 files at his github link, so I think this means you have to set up a new CRA app, then add these files. maybe you can insert it into a new src/pages page in the main repo
* when doing tutorials
  * often the author provides a github repo with final code for the project, so I recommend you clone his repo, delete the .git/ directory, then do the usual process to setup Git that you see when you create a new repo in Github for your project. Watch the video to learn subcollections and firestore setup, without having to retype all the code. (Use the same approach for the above tutorial, if it makes sense).
    * select tutorials that have the complete final code and make sure it works first
    * select tutorials that are shorter. not always do you need an hour+ 
    * select tutorials that are created in the last 2 years
  