# daily - 6.5h

## real-time-chat bug-fix - 2.75h
* identifying-discrepancy - compared the connectedUsers and the updatedUsers array
* debugging-process - added console.logs
* step-details - listed them in the src/features/real-time-chat/real-time-chat.jsx file
* blocker: even though the connected users array was no more empty, but it doesn't match with updatedUsers array
* status: the connected user on the page still list the same connected user multiple times
* next: i can just ask for help because i am still unable to figure out where the exact issue is.
  * The main question here is, what is really broken?
    * Your connected users list is contains unique userids: see new image.png file
    * however, here are the problems to fix:
      * you are not showing displayName (username)
        * If you look at my Friday commit, I added some numbered comments: 
          * DM: 1a.
          * DM: 1b.
          * DM: 2.
          * DM: 3.
          * follow these to see and example of how to debug by going backwards in the code. You can see that displayName is undefined from the point where you try to display it in the connected users list all the way back to the point where you received data from firebase
          * possible solutions:
            *  you need a userId to displayName mapping. do you have one already anywhere? you could use that in the area of DM: 1a to populate the displayName based on uid. 
            *  OR, in the area of "DM: 3." can you adjust the query so that you get displayName from the database? 
            *  If neither of those suggestions work, you can create a new react context provider that always has all info on all users - since that would be available globally, you can use it anywhere in the app to get displayName when you have only uid
      * when you click on non-current users in row, user profile always shows the current user (which is me, when am using the app, and you when you are using the app) not the user the row is supposed to show
      * you are showing Sign Out for all users. Show it for the current user only

## solidarity-collect-fund - 3.75h
* packages - installed new ones
* add/remove-icons - used icons with respective functions for adding and removing rows
* code-readability - enhanced the component code
* todoMMs
  * naming-conventions - gave a more descriptive names
  * useContext-call - called it once in the component
* fixing-process - listed all the steps in the src/features/solidarity-collect-fund/solidarity-fund-contributions-table.jsx file
* status: you can add/remove a row and add data to the cells of the table
* next: i'll work on the submitting table data to a new page.