# daily - 8.15

## meeting - 1.9h

MM: you said this task to not take over two hours, but i wanted to better understand the promise in the code.
## real-time-chat js-promises 2.5h

DM: todoMM: get back to making separate commits and hours worked for separate tasks. This task should be 3 separate commits:(ok)

* reviews - read and responded
* js-promises
  * documentation-search - added example codes and definitions
* asynchronous-operations - added comments to each asynchronous operations


## reactjs-firebase-app - 3.75h
* new-project - created a new project and setup the basic structures
* web-search - the video link of the project: https://www.youtube.cofm/watch?v=_ycD0d7skdQ
* blocker: i haven't finished making run that project yet, as it took longer to watch the video
* status: the app is in it basic phase
* next: i'll continue with it tomorrow and finalize it.

DM: todoMM: going forward I need much more info about what you did for 3.75 hours, like I mentioned in Slack. Also, if you learn something new, put some notes in the new repo next to the relevant code or config. You cant watch a video for 2 hours and not learn anything new. Make some howtofirestore notes. This is for you, and also for me: I know better how to guide you (since I don't know firestore), and maybe I'll learn something. MM: as i am working on different repos, all these info should be include in this report file repo or in the exercise repo? DM: just follow the current process: summary notes and status go here in the daily reports; details go in the code as comments above the relevant code. When you have finished the project and will no longer use the repo, you can copy all the howtos with relevant code over to this repo for permanent location.

MM: for this task all the details are found in the newly created repo, i sent the invitation for that. 