# weekly-hours - 50.65hrs

* previous PTO hours accrued: -55.75 hrs. 
* PTO hours used this week: + 10.65 hrs.(this includes the whole-week power blackout and the security instability issue)
  * DM: "act-of-god" ... to differentiate from sick/vacation/holiday PTO?
* PTO hours accrued this week: 3.5 hrs
* current PTO hours accrued: (-55.75 + 10.65 + 3.5) = -41.6

# daily - 10h

## meeting - 1h

DM: todoMM: as before make a separate commit for each task. Now that you have 2 repos, each commit in each repo should be separate and correspond to a section in this file. I see more commits (across the 2 repos) than sections today. This makes it much easier to follow your work and understand what code your bullet points here refer to.

## todoMMs - 1.5h
* reviews - read and responded
* console-changes - running async/await or .then() fetch
* naming-files - renamed from snake_case to kebab-case

DM: todoMM: going forward, dont make section in daily reports or commits for todoMMs. For each project/task do the todoMMs found in the code for that project. 


## expense-tracker - todoMMs - .75h
* reviews - read and responded
* firebase-config - document each environment variables
* naming-conventions - modified provider to googleAuthProvider and updated the import
* setup-database - created a new file and provided the source link.
* hook-usage - added for the created hooks
* GitHub-link: https://github.com/moise-mulungu/expense-tracker/tree/development

## nextjs-custom-error - .25h
* brief-explanation - created a new file for the explanation
* page-link - created a file with content and added a link to the page.
* source-link: https://nextjs.org/docs/pages/building-your-application/routing/custom-error

## expense-tracker query-transactions - 4.25h
* step-processes - listed them in the src/hooks/use-get-transactions.js file in the expense-tracker repo
* howtos - added onSnapshot howtofirebase
* video-link: coding along watching. here is the link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_ycD0d7skdQ
* blocker: the amount values don't show up on the browser
  * DM: a blocker means you are well and truly stuck and cant move forward without help or info from team, client, etc.. If you just need to fix the HTML display, then it is not a blocker, it is just where you stopped for the day. You can put "none" in the blocker bullet point.
* status: the transaction is being retrieved from firebase firestore, but I haven't yet displayed it in the browser
* next: i'll fix the amount to display

## real-time-chat schema-and-sql-query - 2.25h
* link-resources - read the ruby-on-rails doc: https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_basics.html#creating-active-record-models and this https://guides.rubyonrails.org/association_basics.html DM: thanks
* sql-database - create a schema and query files in with sql extensions
* descriptions - added notes in comments
* status: the query is in its basic phase, some query will be added later
* next: i'll read on how to write query for real-time chat