MM: i started a bit late today due to another shooting that start at 1am tonight. i slept around 5am.

# daily - 6.85h

## meeting - .4h

## report-files - 1h
* reviews -read and responded
* daily-hours - redid the calculation
* todays-tasks - read

## fellow-comments - .25h
* comments-readability - read and responded

## sql-schema - .5h
* sql-postgres - converted the users and messages tables from sql to postgres
* comments - answered to the questions related
* firestore-database - created a new file and added the firestore database related topics

## routine-checklist - .20h
* naming-convention - renamed the file to a more descriptive name
* file-location - moved the file to the project directory

## expense-tracker - total-balance - 3.5h DM: tracker-balance?
* custom-hooks - updated the use-get-transaction
* component-rendering - updated the expense tracker component
* styling - styled the application
* step-process - listed them in the src/pages/expense-tracker/index.jsx file
* blocker: none
* status : all the functionalities are working like adding, listing and signout from the app
* next: i'll work on avoiding logging in multiple times.

DM: btw, you dont have to make commits in this repo for work in the other repo, when all you did in this repo was update the daily report. I wouldnt ask you to do that much busywork.

## expense-tracker - login-authentication - .5h
* steps-process - listed them in the src/pages/auth/index.jsx file in the expense-tracker repo
* blocker: none
* status: i completed the tutorial
* next: i'll look for tutorials that talks about firebase realtime database

??? list of what learned that can use in real-time-chat app?

## firebase-realtime-database-tutorial - .5h
* video-resources: watched this tutorial: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pP7quzFmWBY
* blocker: none
* status: the video was not so explicit, i'll look for other tutorials
  * DM: the video is more of an overview of realtime database. 
* next: find a tutorial that includes building a real project
  * DM: todoMM: give me some feedback about the 2 youtube videos I suggested on the 19th - they both build real projects and have a github repo. Pay attention to the criteria for picking a tutorial: see "when doing tutorials" written on the 19th daily report file.

DM: I did a separate commit mass cleanup of all (done) todoMMs

(done)DM: todoMM: do a regexp search "todoMM\b" of the february/daily/ directory to find all unaddressed todoMMs and address them. Lets clean up a bit and make sure you havent missed any or need to put done if done.