
MM: i could not work on Sunday, as i went with my wife to hospital for high blood pressure caused by fear of recent armed incursion in the avenue.
* yeah, PTSD solutions may help, ive heard. In US PTSD is considered to happen with all levels of stress, not just soldiers in a war. I hope she feels better soon. She'll need to talk about it a lot. but do check out PTSD solutions online, they may help for her.
  * FWIW, I had trauma when a ex soldier driving another car got angry with how I was driving and followed me into a parking lot and kept following me around. He was screaming at me to come out and fight. I declined :). It was not a big deal really, but I had never had that happen. In the US, this is called a "road rage incident". It is not uncommon and if the person has a gun often ends badly. For months I was reliving that scenario in my mind and obsessing about how I could have better handled it. Anyway, the moral of that story is that even minor trauma can overwhelm one's mind. My mind was handling it by thinking about it over and over, but the better solution would have been to talk to friends and family about it lot more than I did.
  * MM: yes, you're right. your experience would degenerate if guns were involved, i often watch videos on how such kind of situations end up there in US. about the PTSD, each one has his own way of managing with the stress, on my side i was affected the following day of the incident and then i almost forgot everything despite it being in my memories, but for her once she hears gun shot as it regular these days, she is experiencing flashbacks, severe anxiety, and uncontrollable thoughts about the event, and become agitated. her way of managing stress is not as prompt as mine. perhaps it's a factor of being male or female, who knows? 
  * DM: maybe it is gender, I dont know. 

# daily - .5h

## daily-report - .5h
* reviews - read and responded
* todoMMs - marked them with done for some and in progress for what i'll start with tomorrow