MM: there was a power blackout today, i worked almost half of the day, and other tasks are unfinished like the firebase project tutorial. i'll continue with late tonight.

# daily - 5.6h

## meeting - 1.8h

## mass-clean-up - 1.5h
* february-regex-search - searched for all unaddressed todoMMs and responded to them
* todoMMs - double checked for an undone task to all the 75 committed files.
  * DM: careful to not do unnecessary work. I accepted your "(done)" so it is not required to double check. "on the job" bosses will get really upset if you take a lot of time to do unrequested and seemingly unnecessary work.
    * you read all my changes deleting "todoMM" in the 75 files, but that didnt lead to any additional work, or you didnt undo any of my "todoMM" deletions
    * I wont reduce the hours this time, but careful to avoid unrequested, unnecessary work in the future

## expense-tracker button-text - .3h
* reviews - read and responded
* button-text - add style to display it

## firebase-tutorial - 2h
* tutorial-choice - watched the two videos suggested in the project-info/teamdm/communication-tools/2024-communication-info/february/daily/2024-02-19.md report file and chose one: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gm-bggVJb5k
  * this looks good. 
  * (done)DM: I want to see notes on what you learned about subCollections  and why/when to use subCollections. dont just watch the video passively. take notes for the future use. put the notes in comments above the relevant code.
* github-repo - here is the github repo: https://github.com/moise-mulungu/operating-system
  * DM: todoMM: rewrite this bullet point to practice clear communication. 
* status: as i was behind the time, i just set the basic of the repo 
* next: i'll finish up tomorrow.