MM: i'll add the weekly hours on Sunday to totalize remaining hours DM: keep those on Fridays so that there are easy to find.(ok)

# weekly-hours - 33.85hrs
* note: includes .5 hours from Sunday
* previous PTO hours accrued: -41 hrs. 
* PTO hours used this week:  6.15 hrs.
  * MM: i just calculated by summing up the worked hours without taking account the Thursday sick day. i am not sure how to add it in the calculation, may be you can help to do that. DM: Sick day is part of PTO, so use the total hours you actually worked
  * MM: is the calculation correct here? do i have to keep it like this or some changes are required?
    * DM: I would expect you to answer that question for yourself based on my comment in the above line.
    * MM: the total worked hours is 33.85hrs, where will the sick day be calculated or summed up? because there is no sick day rubric here listed. Or will it be summed to the PTO hours accrued this week below? 
* PTO hours accrued this week: 3.5 hrs
* current PTO hours accrued: (-41 + 6.15 + 3.5) = -31.

# daily - 11h

## meeting - 3h

## react-context-provider - 6.5h
* files-structure - created new files for users-context-provider and for fetchUsers function
* component-hierarchy - wrapped users-context-provider inside user-context-provider
* function-functionalities - renamed and updated fetchUser
* props-argument - passed the fetchUsers to children components
* insert-field - updated function in the UserProfile to insert the isActive field
* steps-process - listed them in the src/features/real-time-chat/user/users-context-provider.jsx file
* blocker: none
* status: i anticipated by querying the isActive, but it was added to the users collection and the fetchUsers function fetches multiples users now.
* next: wait for DM next step suggestion 

DM: in my instructions yesterday in slack:
    "for tomorrow, just create the code with mocked data. I'll look at your logic, provide suggestions, and later you can add the query to get (and listen for changes in) user data and the query to get/listen for isActive changes"
		I asked you to only code the provider and wait for my feedback, but you tried to implement the provider. Again, be careful to follow the instructions I give carefully. I wanted to walk you through a process of using the provider, but you did a lot of changes trying to use the provider incorrectly. 
		OK, in any case, see my comments in the code.

MM: first of all, i apologize for not following your instructions for this task. you mentioned to create a mock data, by creating first the react-provider, with its dependents. i was confused on how to use and test mocked data inside that provider. i realize my understanding of English communication is not perfect as it should be, but with time i am gonna improve. 

(in progress)DM: todoMM: QQ: what is the logic/criteria for isActive? How does a user become active? How does that status get sent to the DB? How does a user become inactive? How does that status get sent to the DB? 


## firebase-subcollections - 1.5h
* project-cloned - i added this project to the main repo
* new-files - created a file where i explained the key point from the video
* link-app - created a link to the main page
* github-repo: https://github.com/moise-mulungu/firebase-subcollections
* blocker: none
* status: the project runs correctly
* next: use the learned lessons in the real-time-chat
* 
(done)DM: todoMM: I see good new react-firebase-hooks techniques in firebase/firebase-sub-collections, but you havent listed what you learned about subcollections themselves, how, when, why, where to use them. What is their purpose? How do you configure them in google cloud? Learning about subcollections is the purpose of watching the video. Awesome that you learned about react-firebase-hooks but make a new file that lists what you learned about 