MM: i am going to the hospital in the morning and then work almost in the afternoon, but tomorrow she's going to leave the hospital before noon.

# daily - 5.5h

## meeting - 1h

## real-time-chat test-users - 3.75h
* reviews - read and responded
* listing-users - provided steps in the src/features/real-time-chat/test-users.jsx file
* test-code - used json format for testing on the two pages
* blocker: none.
* status: the displayName shows up correctly now.
  * DM: when I type a message, I dont appear in ConnectedUsers. So, whatever trigger makes me as a user isActive doesn't work.
* next: waiting for DM suggestions
  * DM: get users-provider to provide all users, with isActive===true for users who have messages in the last 24 hours, which is the definition of isActive for "connected users" list. 
    * MM: this task is done
  * DM: read what I'm doing with the new postgres database and back-end and provide any comments.
    * MM: i'll provide comments next time, i just had an overview of the codes.
  * DM: work on some coding exercises or other stuff
## todoMM-mass-tasks - .75h
* todoMM-tasks: marked with both done and in progress for files in the real-time-chat directory. 

# DM: todoDM: build a postgres back end with the tables that would be needed for the chat app; build front end for viewing data only
* WHY after seeing a postgres back end, you will understand better what is needed from firestore to have a back end for the chat app
* NOTE: DM is going to do this, so you can watch and learn for now.
* STEPS
  * done: pick a database-as-a-service provider for postgres; create account there; aiven.io
  * done: create new database
  * in progress: write sql to create tables, create LISTEN functions, create triggers, insert test data, query test data
  * implement sql in aiven.io
  * in progress: write express server code to send WS messages to client upon changes to users or messages table
  * write nextjs api endpoints to provide results of test-data queries
    * note: no inserts, deletes because those will be done manually in the postgres database via the aiven.io console
  * write front-end code to display results of test-data queries, update real-time based on messages from the server