# daily - 9.5h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 2h
* i renamed "OpenWeatherApi" to "WeatherForecastContents" in the src/features/weather-forecast/index.js file
* made a vocabulary entry in the programming-vocabulary.md file for "relative URL"
* made the weather API endpoint(http://localhost:3005/api/weather?city=London ) run on the browser DM; thanks for putting the URL here so I can just click on it - this makes it faster for me to review.(ok)
* read the reviews in the reports, debugging-checklists and daily-reports-template files
* i moved the Sider prompt "how to make an API route in NextJS:" to the src/pages/api/weather.js file

## weather api endpoint - 4h

* i changed "open-weather-map-api" directory to "weather-forecast-contents" following the naming convention instructions in the src/features/weather-forecast folder.

(done)DM: please put the rest of the notes for this task in the code where the problem is. I can't follow.
 

* After running the server, i notice that the celsius and fahrenheit degree values were over the expected.
* In order to fix the issue in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx:
  * i started consoling the fahrenheit values and check if the convertFahrenheitToCelsius() function was correct. DM: good
  * i used another prompt: "the degree values are still the same as before after applying the changes in the code above."
  * i followed the provided responses and run it on the browser, but it crashed the app. i reverted the previous code.
* i paused at that stage.

## react useEffect hook - 2h
* i added howtojs and steps to use the react useEffect to the project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/use-effect/use-effect.md file
* i asked Sider prompt for more understanding of the subject: "an example of useEffect that manipulates the DOM"
* created the file and in it (project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/use-effect/use-effect-dom.js) i added the prompt answer.

## open-weather-map-api axios - .5h
* i console.logged to find the axios values in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx and src/pages/api/weather.js files.
* but the console log do not show up on the devtools due to the axios error.