MM: DM: I went to check if the bank card was already available, unfortunately i was told to come back next week!

# total weekly - 37h
# daily - 6.5

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - .5h
* i renamed WeatherForecastFooterFooter to WeatherForecastFooter to match the weather-forecast-footer file
* i replaced React.Fragment with an empty container tag in src/pages/string-converter/index.js file
* i read the reviews of the last commits.

## weather forecast - 2h
* i am thinking of adding an image background on the page once a city is typed on the input field, for that i need an api that provides images. 
* i uncommented the open-weather-api fetch data in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js file to test a new weather api.
* i tested a free weather api called "weather-api" that provides access to free weather and geo data(real-time weather, day weather forecast, historical weather, marine weather and tide data, future weather - up to 300 days ahead, daily and hourly intervals 15 min intervalNew - enterprise only, astronomy time zone, sports location data, search or autocomplete API, weather alerts, air quality data, bulk request)
  * i could not use it in my app because it requires a key(aq) which is an identifier of a city you would like to get.
  * In order to request from that api in your API platform like Thunder client, you need to provide that "aqi" key
  * if you don't add the "aqi" key your request won't work or will throw an error. 
  * that api object has a property object called "location" which has a property called "name" that provides the name of your city.

* i reverted the previous code in the src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js file.

## weather-api-endpoint - 3h
* i read nextjs api routes
* i created a weather api endpoint file in src/pages/api/weather.js
* i wrote an T9 AI prompt: how to create an API route in NextJS that implements the functionality (fetching from openweathermap) found in fetchWeatherData():
* it provided five steps to create an API route:
  1. to create a new file "weather.js" in src/pages/api/ directory
  2. to add the provided code
  3. to replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with my actual OpenWeatherMap API key
  4. to replace the fetchWeatherData function in src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.js  with the provided code
  5. to import the fetchWeatherData function in the src/features/weather-forecast/axios/index.js and add it to the axios object
  6. Replace "YOUR_API_KEY" with your actual OpenWeatherMap API key
  7. test on the browser by making a request to http://localhost:3000/api/weather?city=London
Blockers: after following the above steps, i was still getting an error "site can't be reached"
* i tried with SiderAI for more clues, i still got the same result listed above.
  Blockers: after trying implementing the code provided by SiderAI and TabNineAI, i was getting NAN for celsius and fahrenheit's degrees. 

  // DM: ask AI what does NAN signify when you are doing a math calculation in JS (when you ask T9, select the temperature conversion function before asking the question). 
  
* i stopped there and reverted the previous code

DM: good job on the API endpoint. You're close to getting it working. All the detail you are providing in your daily reports is very helpful, and good practice for you in tech communication explaining to others what you are doing.

DM: todoMM: going forward, report your blockers in comments in the code where they occur, not here. This will help me to help you. I couldn't find where the 2nd blocker was in the code. 

