MM: DM: I went downtown to pick up the money with my wife, i passed to the bank for the card, but i was told to be passing regularly for verification as it's not ready yet. after that i passed to the Electoral Center office for my voter's card, they told me to pass in three days again. and finally i went to my daughters' school to pay a monthly fees. i returned home late in the afternoon.
DM: OK. I think with the word "pass" what you want to say is "drop by"? MM: to visit the place. i went to all those places.

# daily - 4h
MM: DM: in order to totalize 40h a week, i'll make sure to work one extra the rest of the days of this week.
## meeting - 1h

## Sider-key - 1h
* i tried to add the OpenAI API key specially for Sider. i followed these steps below, I:
  * went to the chrome extension icon on top right, next to the search bar
  * scrolled down to find Sider extension
    * clicked on the three vertical dots of the extension
      * clicked on "manage extension"
      * on the extension page, I:
      * scrolled down to the "Extension Options", i clicked the "tab arrow"
        * it opens a General information concerning the extension
        * there are three ways to access ChatGPT:
          * Sider(a default choice)
          * ChatGPT Webapp
          * OpenAI API key
        * i selected "OpenAI API key"
          * a popup appeared with an API key input
          * i copied and pasted the OpenAI API key from DM's email into the API key input
          * after adding the API key input, a notice appears with the following messages: "Your free OpenAI API key might have expired. Please check the API key expiration status here."
* i tried to connect with the vpn to test if it could change anything, but nothing changed!
* I think a new API key has to be generated.

## todoMMs - 2h
* i moved all AI prompt information into src/pages/api/weather.js and src/features/weather-forecast/axios/weather.jsx files.
* i changed the name of weather app link "weather-forecast" to "weather-forecast-page" in the src/pages/index.jsx file to make the app compile
* i changed the name of "WeatherForecast" to "OpenWeatherMapApi" in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/index.jsx as it was declared twice in src/features/weather-forecast/index file already.
