
# DM: do both of these 2 tasks:

first thing, write a howtojs for the debugging issue you had Wednesday. List the problems, the places to look for clues, and what the solution was. This will help cement what you learned and will help you remember what to do next time you encounter a similar problem.

research and do a programming vocab entry for:
debounce VS throttle
hint: one of these will help with a problem in your weather app: the API is called upon each keystroke, but you only want to call the API once the user has stopped typing for a few seconds. Which one will help with this problem?
//(done. i am sorry, i read the two articles but i did n't pay attention to the "Add these useful hooks to the repo" instruction. OK, no worries, just remember that "attention to detail" thing - over time you'll train yourself to always carefully pay attention to detail. Programming skills require attention to fine detail, but if you are a big picture person, this will help you later in your career. MM: you are right) DM: todoMM: if you don't do one of the tasks, at least make some mention of it. It's fine if you have a reason to not do part of a task, but let me know that reason. My instructions say to add the hooks to the repo.
Add these useful hooks to the repo, in src/ui/hooks
https://www.30secondsofcode.org/react/s/use-debounce/ (this is a good website)
https://hooks-guide.netlify.app/community/useThrottle (I don't know this site very well)
Also, you may want to call the API only when the user clicks the button. In that case, you don't need debounce or throttle, you just need to move the API call into the button's onClick handler (only). but, it is good to have/know debounce and throttle.

# daily - 9h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 2h
* i read reviews of the last day and marked them with "ok"
* i made a programming vocab entry for debounce VS throttle in the project-info/teamdm/tech/programming/programming-vocabulary.md file
* asked SiderAI prompt: "an example of a "plugin" that is not managed by React using react useEffect hook", and added it to a new project-info/teamdm/tech/react/react-hooks/use-effect/use-effect-plugin.js file 
* moved "relative URL" vocabulary to the project-info/teamdm/tech/web/web-vocabulary.md file
* added the result of the following SiderAI prompt "how to fix: Unhandled Runtime Error : AxiosError: Request failed with status code 500" to src/pages/api/weather.js file

## weather api endpoint debug issues - 3.5
*  i created a new file where i added all the yesterday's debug issues(src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/debugging-weather-app.md)
*  i enumerated two issues: __AxiosError: Request failed with status code 500__ and __the celsius and fahrenheit degree values were over not correct.__
* i described the steps that i took for each issue
* i added AI prompts and answers, i also added link to resources.

##  weather-api-endpoint howtojs debug issues - .5h
* i added howtojs to src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/debugging-weather-app.md file for debugging issues.

## weather-api devtools debug - 2h
* i started running the server and opened devtools
  * i found in the devtools console tab once i type a city in the input field, the value of fahrenheit is "undefined", but after clicking the button, the value displays.
  * but i can't figure out why the value is still high than expected.
  * i found two errors related to fetching data:
    1. GET http://localhost:3005/api/weather?city=undefined 500 (Internal Server Error)
    2. Uncaught (in promise) AxiosError {message: 'Request failed with status code 500', name: 'AxiosError', code: config: {…}, request: XMLHttpRequest, …} 'ERR_BAD_RESPONSE'
    3. i googled the first error : "how to fix:  GET http://localhost:3005/api/weather?city=undefined 500 (Internal Server Error)". i got the following SiderAI response that i put in comments in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx file.

DM: OK, so you know you get 500 error when city=undefined - so we know you can't pass "undefined" without a 500 error from the weather API.(ok)

    4. i used the above codes in the src/features/weather-forecast/weather-forecast-contents/weather.jsx and in the src/pages/api/weather.js files respectively.

  * After all these attempts, the two errors still persist. then i paused again.