MM: Return to making your last commit at 10:45 (latest) as before. Sometimes I can look at your code before the meeting and prepare which leaves more time for teaching. You can use 10:45 - 11 to do your pre-meeting stuff like restart computer, check/restart internet connection (or whatever things do to prepare for a work meeting). You can also think about questions that you have for me. Make sure you're ready to make the best use of the hour we have together.

As an example for you, I've added my notes I made as I installed and evaluated AWS extension for VSCode. When you spend 2 hours learning, investigating, reading, etc., write down key observations, install steps, etc. You cannot remember all the stuff you read, but you can put searchable info into your repo. There are many other benefits, such as, my install steps will help you install the extension more quickly. You can also learn by reading my observations. So, you can do the same for me.

note: with these specific assignments with timeframes I'm giving you an example of how you can plan your day based on my more general guidelines. As a DEV you'll be expected to work independently, plan your day independently, so DEVs never wait for specific tasks if they have larger, general tasks assigned (i.e., you know all the types of tasks you can work on each day). It is good practice in being a DEV to set time-boxes for yourself.(ok)

# Moise, here's some todoMMs for Monday:

DM: the text in "quotes" is the AI prompt, not instructions for you, just FYI.(ok)
Add this to your debugging-checklist: AI prompt: "fix the code|[functionName] and explain what you fixed"
code - implies all the code in the file, or selected code
functionName will focus AI on a specific part of a large file

(done)DM: todoMM: just add the text after the ":" to the checklist. Watch carefully for ":" it has a very specific meaning.
Add this to your commit-time-checklist: ensure you've asked AI to review all of the new code for "best practices". 

vocab: discuss "API" vs "API endpoint"

Start a new vocab file tech/ai/ai-vocabulary.md and make some entries using the answer to this AI prompt: 
"list the top 10 vocabulary related to using ChatGPT  with brief definitions. Include the terms 'prompt' and 'prompt engineering'"

Start a new file tech/ai/prompt-engineering.md using the answer to the prompts: (use Bing chat)
"Give me 5 best practices to write ChatGPT prompts. Provide an example prompt for each best practice."
"What are some common mistakes in prompt engineering?"




I'd also like you to take 2 hours to install some browser extensions and also experiment with using French to interact with AI:
* install Chrome extension: Google Dictionary - double click to highlight one word, you'll see a popup with dictionary definition
* install chrome extension: Sider: ChatGPT Sidebar, GPT-4 & Vision
  * highlight a phrase and click the "Explain" option
  * use AI chat in the sidebar (Bard seems better than GPT-3.5)
    * for setup: check email for an openai API key
* Try using browser interface to Slack so you can easily use Chrome extensions to see translations and definitions 
* French
  * You are and will be improving your English as we go along, but I wonder if this doesn't slow you down sometimes, maybe especially at the end of the day when the brain is naturally more tired and less flexible. Also, it can be useful to have a feel for how people talk about tech in French. 
  * If you are not happy with the translation function in the Sider extension, Install Chrome extension for Google Translate - you can highlight a phrase and get a popup with instant translation. 
  * What is it like to use French to chat with AI about tech? 
  * If you see, or I write something complicated, does it help to translate into french?
* note: I'm giving you a time-box of 2 hours. On-the-job, the key is to complete a list of tasks within the time frame. Choose a good "pace" of work so that you can complete all the tasks. Save any time-consuming exploring, testing, practicing until after you've completed the tasks. You should do *some* exploring, testing, practicing as you complete the installation steps, but not too much (pace yourself).
* note: be sure to answer the questions I pose here. Also, for the time you spend exploring, testing, practicing, make some notes in the repo about anything significant you want to remember or tell me.
* WHY do all this? To increase productivity, i.e., the pace of your learning and completion of tasks. 

If string-converter is working, spend an hour cleaning up the code and prettifying (just a bit) the UI styling and making sure the messaging in the UI matches the current functionality. Just an hour, since we may decide to come back to it later for more functionality.
* styling, while you're still working on the JS of an app, to keep it simple:
  * put each thing in a div - that will take care of a lot of the spacing issues
  * put a classname="ml-1" where needed for horizontal spacing 

Work on weather-app. 

MM: DM: i had an disagreement in the afternoon at home, i was obliged to look for a quiet place to complete some of the today's tasks. DM: ok, but, just so you know, you don't have to tell me that sort of personal details, and on-the-job you wouldn't say that to a boss. So, you just put down the hours you were able to work. 

# daily - 7h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - 2h
* i put the pdf in Google Documents in the cloud and added the link of the cloud to the report file
* i added expecting result to the project-info/teamdm/tech/regex/matching/matching-letter.js file and howtojs to project-info/teamdm/tech/regex/matching/matching-special-characters.js

DM: the below work on should be a separate task with a separate commit. Each app (string converter, weather) needs to be a separate task here with hours and a separate commit.(ok)
* tried to fix the "result of "void" of the lodash functions of camel and pascal cases conversion 
* blockers: after calling the setConvertedString() function before the return statement, the "void result" still persists.
  * i tried to console.log() the setConvertedString(), but i could not guess the cause.
  * i google the "when does the set state results in void in react hook state?", i found a solution on stackoverflow that suggests to use useEffect after calling the set state function in a provided function then call the get state in the useEffect() function, I paused by there.
  * i then ask TabNineAI for suggestion, it provides me with the logic of either "assign the result of the function to a variable, or simply return the value you want to set the state to. In this case, you can simply return the value of setConvertedString()." but the "void result" is still there. so i stopped there first.
  * DM: ok, good detail on the blockers, thanks, but put this kind of info in comments in the code where the problem is, not here.(ok)

## Monday-todoMMs - 4h
* i installed two chrome extensions: Sider(i used it without that OpenAI key) and Google Dictionary.
  * DM: Moise, I specifically asked you to spend two hours on this, so why didn't you add the API key, try French, answer my questions as I instructed? I was clear you were to spend 2 hours doing that and the other stuff in the paragraph that includes the Sider extension. 
* i worked on weather app DM: this should be a separate task with hours and a separate commit, as I pointed out in my changes to the 10-6 file.
* i added vocabularies for AI prompt in the project-info/teamdm/tech/ai folder
* i uncommented the previous code and replace it by the correction code from TabNineAI
  * blockers: after adding the TabNineAI correction code, i was still getting the "Error: Objects are not valid as a React child (found: object with keys {temp, feels_like, temp_min, temp_max, pressure, humidity}). If you meant to render a collection of children, use an array instead"
  * i tried to convert the second nested children of the weather object into an array, but no success. i don't know it is an api problem or something else.
  * i stopped there because i could not make big progress
 
DM: todoMM: I need you to start separating out these tasks into separate commits. I gave you specific time-boxes for 1hr on string converter and 2hrs "install some browser extensions and also experiment with using French to interact with AI". I gave you some examples of how to break up work into separate tasks with separate commits in the 10-6 daily report where AI wrote "# this should be a separate task with a separate commit". It is really important to follow instructions or ask for clarification if the instructions are unclear. 

* i had some confusion understanding what i should to the commit-time-checklist after adding to the debugging-checklist file. DM: see my comment above