# daily - 4h

## react vocabularies - .5h

- added dependencies related words
- ref: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/difference-between-dependencies-devdependencies-and-peerdependencies/ DM: cool

## todoMMs - .5

- work on todoMMs tasks

## react testing - 3h

- read about all the react testing libraries
- ref: https://www.browserstack.com/guide/top-react-testing-libraries
  - (ok) DM: when you read articles, it would be helpful to me (so I can learn) and to your future self if you take notes about what you learned. Which are best and where. What links did you follow that were useful? How would you answer the interview question: what is the best React testing library and why? (The answer would be along the lines of "it depends on the situation".)
    - This also as I previously mentioned that I need more detail about what you do for 3 hours.
    - I have learned from hard experience that it is necessary to summarize in the repo and make howtojs entries so that this information becomes part of your knowledge base forever.
    - Passive reading is not really useful. I mean, you feel free to do it on your own time. This job-like arrangement we have part of the tradeoff is that I get to be a supervisor and learn from that, and I'm telling you that just reading a Web page is not really useful alone - if you add notes, howtojs, code snippets, summarize that article so that I (and you in the future) don't have to read the whole thing.
DM: read the article coming up with good interview questions (google search interview questions on React testing - often they show the correct answers). Such as: what are the top 5 considerations when choosing a React testing library? Don't focus on the perquisites or the installation, but on the benefits and when to you. MM: is this still relevant after your review of focusing on jest? DM: I think it would be a good exercise to do this, and helpful for me, so yes
