MM: DM: I started working at noon due to a heavy rain that may have caused the internet disruption.
# daily - 4h

## react testing - 2h
* followed instructions from the nextjs url: https://github.com/vercel/next.js/blob/canary/examples/with-jest/__tests__/index.test.tsx
* blockers: i was still getting the same previous error of `Support for the experimental syntax 'jsx' isn't currently enabled (13:12):`
DM: I don't see any changes in the repo (on Tuesday). I also don't see any information here about what you tried. How did you spend the 2 hours?( I did implement the code as i did last time, but the error was still there. i created a snapshot folder and moved the remove-button to the __tests_folder. i was like turning around at the same issue). DM: ok, just be sure going forward to give me enough information (and this also serves to document what you have tried for the future. )
DM: what I would do if it were me
* google search if there are any solutions that don't involve major surgery. It may just be some configuration detail. if not, let it go.(for now i think i can pause on it, because i tried all the possible approaches that i found out there on the internet)
* clone the nextjs example repo above and ensure that the jest test works on your machine. How does it look when it runs properly? Then, look for differences between the working cloned repo and your repo. DM: ok, you can pause, but keep in mind that the next step when you're really stuck often is to implement the most simple version of what you want to do, such as I suggested at the start of this line.

## coding challenges - 1.5h

* solved word-mesh challenge (great!)
## coding challenge - .5h
* tried to solve the opening-closing bracket string challenge from project-info/teamdm/tech/javascript/array-methods/array-method-cheatsheets/reduce-exercises.js
  * blockers: i could not get the expected result even though i followed the given instructions. DM: what instructions? console.log is your friend!(i wanted to follow your instructions first, then i was waiting for your review on that) DM: ok but I asked which instructions as I don';t kow what instructions you are referring to.

## 
