# weekly total 40 hrs
# PTO 5 hrs
* previous hours accrued: 40 hrs
* used this week: 5 hrs
* hours accrued this week: 3.5 hrs
* current hours accrued: 38.5 hrs

# daily report 9 hrs
note: total hours should add up to 8 usually. If not, then the total of the weekly hours should add up to 40. So, for example, you could work 7 hours on Monday, then 9 hours on Tuesday. 

## meeting - 1h
## regex - 2h
* i added a matching special characters file
* i continuing exercises on : https://regexone.com/
* 
DM: todoMM: going forward, when you read/study/learn something something in a tutorial/class/article, put examples in the repo of what you learned and write howtojs lines for them. I've asked you to do this on several occasions. 

## string converter - 1h
* i tried to enhance the code so that i can display all the outputs of the string converter instead of using the json format.
## weather app - 5h
* i used this github source that i implemented the basic app structure: https://github.com/jdretz/rapid-api-react-weather-app-tutorial/blob/master/src/App.js
* i downloaded a took a screenshot from tailwind that will serve as the app design from https://tailwindui.com/components/ecommerce/components/product-quickviews
* i read this on how i can fetch the api: https://dev.to/coderamrin/how-to-build-a-weather-app-with-react-tailwind-css-2c7b
* blockers: i am still working on it as i could? fetch any data from the provided API(https://openweathermap.org/)

DM: todoMM: again, please put the above URLs in the corresponding files, not here, tks.

DM: todoMM: again, do a separate commit for each task

DM: as I've said before, RE blockers, I don't see any console.log, any questions, any list of what is wrong and how you tried to fix it. So, I can't help you. 

DM: Also, give more detail. It looks like you copied and pasted a bunch of code, but I can't see what else based on your code or based on what you wrote above. Communication is important.

DM: todoMM: please show some respect for you mentor by not making me repeat instructions multiple times. 

ttd Monday, stuff from blog1 scratch re the 28th;
ttd Monday, PTO