# daily 7hd

## meeting 1h

## string converter SPA - 3.5h
* i was mistaken by refactoring the code because i thought i should replace checkbox to buttons, it took me over 2hours figuring out the solution. then after looking at the app image i realized that i should keep the button then just add the checkbox
* i reverted the previous solution then added the checkbox solution
* the checkbox is working, except how to add the getCase function in the input src/features/string-converter/index.js

## debugger checklist - 1h
* i added the different errors in javascript 
* i added howtofixerrors 

## reduce exercise - .5h
* i did not add the console yet as i was concentrated on the SPA string converter
* i'll add it tomorrow.
DM: todoMM: if you didn't do anything, what are the .5h for? Or, if you spent some time on the code, explain what you did in more detail. Always be sure to red the daily reports from my perspective, so that I understand what you did and how you spent your time.(i am sorry for not giving further information on it; i attempted to find the solution, then i reverted the previous solution). DM: OK, but make notes about what you attempted. If you like, you can use commits: commit once just before you revert. That way I can see what you did, AND you have a history of what fixes you have already tried.

## anchor links - 1h
* added content to the anchor link component in the src/features/component-examples/components/anchor-links.jsx and imported into the two component examples
* added props and rendered it.

