# daily - 8h

## meeting - 1h

## todoMMs - .75h
* reviews - read and responded
* naming-convention - moved the firebase authentication setup to an appropriate file
* signup-bug - state the problem in detail

## real-time-chat message-profile-bug - 4.5h
* check-authentication - updated the handleSubmit function in the MessageInput component
* revert-code - replace the handleUserConnect with onConnect function
* debugging - added console.logs for outputs
* user's-status - removed the condition that updates the user's status in the Firebase database upon sign 
* firebase-config - added a username parameter to the signup function
  * DM: see my note in the code. the signup up function does not allow pass username
* code-test - tested the code after each changes
* blocker: the send button doesn't work, and the user's profile can't be accessed
  * DM: todoMM: is "send button" for signup? if so, please rename the button to "SignUp"
* status: the app doesn't work as before
  * DM: todoMM: this is not specific enough; it is not helpful; always way WHAT is not working. you can repeat the blocker if the blocker contains that info, but here add more specifically if more specifics exists. Just never say "the app doesn't work" because it means nothing.
* next: i'll proceed with git bisect to find the commit that was working
  * DM: todoMM: what has been broken since Thursday 25th?
    * DM: I have used the profile page since after the 25th, but it always shows the current user. by "current user" I mean my user dmdmdm, when I'm logged in.
  * DM: you may be able to just debug it: I don't see any console.logs when I click on a user, or errors.
    * DM: onClick of a connectedUser runs setSelectedUser(), but I see that selectedUser is not used anywhere after declaration, so setSelecedUser() would have no effect.
    * DM: what causes UserProfile to open?
      * setProfileVisible(true)
      * but it is commented out


## real-time-chat bisect-debug-process - 1.5
* bisect-process
  * read the documentation 
  * debugged and found the commit history
  * tested code after finding the good commit
  * reverted the development branch.
* blocker: i found no blocker
* status: i reverted the code
* next: i'll now compare the two commits tomorrow and fix the issue.

DM: for your Connected Users issue. I would create a users-context-provider.jsx just like you did for auth and user. 
* That way connectedUsers list is separate from the rest of the react code 
  * yet available to any component in the chat app.
* Currently you have it embedded in the real-time-chat.jsx code which complicates the code because you have to worry about whenever real-time-chat.jsx renders/updates. 
* users-context-provider.jsx can include your the listener for changes that lets you update which of the users is currently connected

DM: todoMM: is there a submission deadline on the NGO app?
