# weekly-hours - 37.25 hrs
6.25 + 11 + 9 + 9 + 2 = 37.25 (I changed yesterdays hours due to no meeting)

(in progress)DM: todoMM: see the Jan 19, it shows an example how to make the "current PTO hours accrued" calculation and where "previous PTO hours accrued" comes from:
* previous PTO hours accrued: 
  * MM: the January 19 does not explain where the -32h came from, that's why i am unable to give the exact figure of the current PTO hours accrued 
  * DM: yes it does: "DM: No, the "current PTO hours accrued" as of last week should go here" please attention to detail, or paste my text into AI or something, but that is pretty clear.
  * MM: it means the total number of hours that i've worked last week? for example for this week is 37.5h, now the previous PTO hours accrued for the next week will be 37.5h?
  * DM: I put "current PTO hours accrued" in quotes because that is an item that I have put in each Friday daily report. If you look at all the Friday daily reports, you can see that you copy "current PTO hours accrued" from the previous week into "previous PTO hours accrued" for the current week. MM: ok, i understand.
* PTO hours used ths week: 2.75 hrs
* PTO hours accrued this week: 3.5 hrs
* current PTO hours accrued: you can help me with calculation here (DM: see calculation last week in parentheses)

# daily - 2h
MM: today i didn't work on my daily tasks due to incident that happened around the middle of the night where robbers entered houses and looted things. but yesterday i was fixing the solidarity-collect-fund issue in order to make the app work.

## meeting - 1h

## solidarity-collect-fund - 1h
* editable-input - fixed the issue
* add-rows-button - created a handle function