# daily - 9h

## todoMMs - 3.5h
* reviews - read and responded
* official-UX-review - update the suggestions effort time and added comments
* avoid unused names - updated the code
* 2023-last-quarter - created files with details of weekly hours

## real-time-chat update username - 2h
* official-UX-review - update comments
* optional-chaining - did a global regex search
* update-profile-name - tried to fix the bug.
* blockers : looked for file history to find out when the bug was introduced, i'll continue with next time.
* status: the username doesn't get updated in the user-profile DM: what is your next step? MM: i'll continue working on it to make it work. DM: that is not helpful because it contains no information. Going forward, list your next step. 

## solidarity-fund-project - 2h
* reviews - read and responded
* translation file - created an object with key-values properties

(done)DM: todoMM: this doesn't seem like it merits 2 hours. As I mentioned creating i18n.js should take only a few minutes and the info/changes in project-overview don't seem like 2 hours of work to me. I'm mentioning this and pressing you to justify the hours you put down because this same pressure was on me at my last job ... that's just the way it is on the job. MM: the task was to translate each french sentence, phrase into English and provide understanding details of the project, so i was comparing both AI and google translation tools to allow tech lead or other supervisors maybe in the future to not get confused with my terminology. I should do it with care and not to rush i think! DM: ok, so mention something like that so that it doesnt "look like" you didn't do much. I spot-checked about 10 translations, and none of them changed from the original. Also, typically in a project, don't spend too much time seeking perfection on the words used in the UI. Usually the project owners will usually provide that, and also often you will change the wording based on context.

## real-time-chat update displayName - 1.5
* update functions for connected users - added a new user to the connectedUsers state and sets isAuthenticated to true.
* blockers: the username is still not updating after adding console log
* status: the username doesn't get update, and the user profile image doesn't upload.  DM: what is your next step?


DM: looking at the files and git diffs, today's work absolutely does not look like 9 hours of work, much less in fact. When you commit, think about how it looks, and if the diffs don't show 9 hours of work, then explain what you did for that time, ideally inline in comments in the relevant code. MM: the project that i am building is using a technology that hasn't many documentations online(firebase), so i almost rely on AI to generate most of the code, and regarding my level as a junior developer, it's not easy to understand the full AI provided code. instead of rushing to make it work, it's better for me to learn it slow as you told me one day to not focus all the time on AI. for this year i took the initiative to not rush things, but to understand the concept even though it's beyond my understanding. You know i am not a Senior dev, but a Junior! DM: Good thoughts, but you have to strike a balance. I am comparing this day's work to the amount of work you accomplished in most days last year. This day you did much less but put more than 8 hours. Also, as I mentioned, pay attention to appearances: look at the diffs before you commit - if it looks like not much work, from a supervisor's perspective when the supervisor looks at the git diff, then add some info to explain that. It's a serious issue - one of the reasons I lost my last job is that I didn't communicate clearly enough what I was doing.