# daily - 9h

## meeting - 1h(by default)

## todoMMs - .5h
* reviews - read and responded
* react-table-choice - provided explanation

## real-time-chat authentication-update - 2.75h
* autofill-option - provided answers and tested different autofill attributes
* signup-features - added autofill options
* logout-button - added it to the main page
* logout-ui-design - installed and imported a logout react icon and updated the component styles.
* official-ux-review - updated suggestions
* status: the updated codes work fine and fixed the issues

## real-time-chat user-profile-display-email - .75h
* user-object - created a new section in the JSX 
* official-ux-review - updated comment suggestions
* ui-design - placed it on top of the other inputs
* status: the email displays on the profile

## real-time-chat listing-connected-users - 3h
* official-ux-review - updated the "list all connected users ..." task
* fix-issue - listed all the steps in the src/features/real-time-chat/real-time-chat.jsx file
* status: the users are not yet listed 
* next: i'll continue to work on it but i'll need help with some hints

DM: without status for the 3 above commits, I can't see where you're at, next steps, blockers. be sure to add status to all projects, features, enhancements you work on. It helps me prioritize what I focus on during my review hour. 

DM: thanks for separating real-time-chat into separate tasks, it helps

## solidarity-collect-fund - 1h
* fix-input-editing - pass updateMyData to cellProps
* blockers: i got the "TypeError: updateMyData is not a function" error. the solution would be  to define your columns inside the component where updateMyData is defined, so that updateMyData is in scope and can be used directly in the Cell component.
* status: the input works, but it's throwing an error
* next: i'll fix the error and work on submitting the column input data and display it on a new table.

DM: todoMM: It would be good to stop new development on the real-time-chat project so that I can review it for big-picture stuff, but I'll need a cleanup for that. Once you complete your currently working real-time-chat tasks, take as a task to clean up the code. remove unneeded commented-out code and old comments that no longer apply. be sure to retain comments that are necessary to document decisions. 